This is a game to test your typing speed, it compiles only in linux machines.
Furthermore its functionality depends on VT100 escape sequences to control the
screen, so it might not work in some terminals.

DEPENDENCIES:
	You need gcc and GNU Make installed to compile this project.
In Ubuntu you can get both by typing :

	sudo apt install build-essential

Additionally you need to have sqlite3 with the development package installed
so in ubuntu you can type :

	sudo apt install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev


INSTALLATION:
	make       To build object and save the executable to binaries directory.
	make clean Removes obj and binaries directories.

USAGE:
	This application has 2 modes. The first mode just tests the typing speed
of your ring and pinky fingers. You can invoke that mode by pressing tab or
enter after you enter the game.

for example type :

	binaries/2fingers 50

	This starts the program with a limit of 50 characters for this kind of
tests. In the main menu type tab or enter to enter this test's menu. You will
then be prompted to start typing. The time measurement doesn't start unless you
press a valid button after this prompt.
	After the prompt you can type (qwaszxopl;./) to start. Subsequently the
test expects only the adjacent character (o is adjacent to p and q is adjacent
to w in a qwerty keyboard) of the previous valid character, so one test would
be qw repeated or op repeated and so on. The test finishes when you type as
many characters as the argument you passed (50 in that case) or the default if
no arguments are given which is 100.

	The second mode needs a text file and a name so your results can be saved
with that name in an sqlite database. This name should be different than
qw, op, as, zx, l; and ./ as these names are reserved for the first mode. You
can invoke that mode by pressing c in the main menu. After you initiate the
test the timer starts after you press the first character of the test.

for example type:

	binaries/2fingers README rdm

	To start the program by loading the contents of this file for the custom
test and using the name rdm to store the results in the database. Type c in the
main menu to enter the custom test's menu and start typing what you see.

	In both tests you will notice a bar in the bottom left corner which shows
your typing speed (CPM). This bar changes color depending on your speed.

	From the main menu you can type b to browse your old results, you can
query for your best times and average times for different tests by following
the instructions of that menu. All your results are saved automatically after
you finish a test.

	At any moment during a test you can press ctrl-r to restart the test or
ctrl-b to go back to the main menu. Additionally you can exit the application
anytime you want by typing ctrl-c or ctrl-q.

